🏃 Rename MachineClusterLabelName to ClusterLabelName (#1594)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: docs/book/src/providers/v1alpha2-to-v1alpha3.md

- To be consistent with Pod phases in k/k.
- More details in https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api/pull/1532/files.

## `MachineClusterLabelName` is renamed to `ClusterLabelName`

> - The varialble name is remaed as this label isn't applied only to machines anymore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The variable name is renamed as this label isn't applied only to machines anymore.
```
